hey how's it going Dave 2d here and in
front of me is a laptop that will turn
you into an MLG pro gamer this is the
Asus 7:03 scar and they have two
variants to this product so this is the
scar version that's geared towards
first-person shooter games and then they
have something called the hero Edition
which is geared towards MOBAs so things
like dota and leaked but I'm more
interested in first for some shooters
I'm just better at those types of games
so is interested in this particular
variant now the thing that makes this
thing special the thing that makes this
a first person shooter oriented device
is entirely the screen and when you look
at the hardware I've done a review of
it's smaller brother to 15 inch 5:03 and
surprisingly the components are very
similar like the build quality of the
keyboard that even the battery size is
like almost identical so I'm not gonna
do a full review of this device because
just I've basically done the full review
I'm gonna focus mostly on the screen but
I'm just gonna go through I guess its
main components just in case you guys
are curious ok let's start with the
keyboard pretty good keyboard nothing
super special about it good layout roomy
with RGB lighting but the keys are a
little bit softer than you might expect
the trackpad uses Windows precision
drivers so you'll probably like it the
keyboard deck is this like faux carbon
fiber finish it's not real carbon fibre
obviously at least not at this price
point but I think it looks nice and I
guess everyone's gonna be a little bit
different but I think it's a nice design
overall one thing you'll notice that
there isn't a single drop of red on this
entire laptop when it's off when it's on
there's like a red power button and I
guess the top logo lights up red but
it's a really kind of plain looking
laptop which I like I think this is a
nice transition away from the classic
Republic of gamers thing that Asus has
done in the past like just read
everywhere I like this and I think next
year we're just gonna see even more not
super read laptops which is great the
build quality on this thing really good
$1600 for a gaming laptop is certainly
not cheap so you expect good build
quality and they deliver the one thing
that I don't love about this in terms of
the build quality I just the build in
general is that the bottom panel is very
difficult to open I had this problem
with the 5:03 as well there's an hatch
that you can get into just for the
cities like the RAM and the storage and
stuff like that but if you want to
access the fans or the Wi-Fi card or
just stuff that's inside this bottom
panel is not easy to remove their screws
they come off but it's just a pain
now the laptop has 16 gigs of RAM
pre-installed you can easily upgrade it
to 32 by adding a single stick the fans
are definitely audible but they don't
get too loud in game and thermal
performance is not bad as well you can
definitely play for extended periods of
time without issues the battery life on
this laptop isn't great it's a 64 watt
hour battery and I'm only getting around
two-and-a-half hours of battery life
with the screen at 215 it's now there
are devices with a 17 inch screen that
have like 99 watt hour batteries but the
reason why this one is short well as
short as it is is mostly because of the
screen so this screen is the main
attraction of this laptop and the reason
why I'm even doing this video is because
I think that this is one of the most
impressive screens I've seen on a 17
inch device so it's a 120 Hertz panel
and it's a TN panel now before you just
want to take a huge steaming dump on the
fact that the TN panel understand that
I've seen a lot of laptop screens and
yes for the most part TN panels are
terrible but this one is very good I've
seen another laptop there's the msi
raiders those also have a TN panel which
are also really good but this is 120
Hertz but it's 5 milliseconds so it's
very fast response time and when you're
playing shooters it feels like you're
playing on a high-end desktop monitors
just a really nice looking screen the
visuals are good the colors pop
everything looks really smooth and
unfortunately you're watching this video
at 24 frames per second so you can't see
the full 120 frames per second but it is
a really impressive looking screen now
there's two kind of issues this thing
first it doesn't have G sync and that's
not something that I like I'm not
worried about it but I feel like on
paper some people might be upset by it
because there are other laptops that do
have 120 Hertz panels that do support G
sync but I mean this screen blows most
screens out of the water just because of
how quick the response rate is now
depending on how you run your games this
may or may not affect you and I think
that kind of leads to the next question
of the fact that this laptop is only
running a gtx 1060 and this makes this
laptop very niche
of a product and okay let me explain I
think a lot of people gonna look at this
and be like why does this thing only
have a GTX 1060 why don't they put a
1070 or any Matt 1080 in it forget about
the heating issues and all that stuff
but you would think that a laptop with a
120 Hertz 5 millisecond screen should
have like a really high-end graphics
card in it right and I would agree but
if you're looking at the price point you
want to be able to supply a laptop for
people that are really hardcore like
competitively into games and if you look
at any competitive gaming they're always
running their stuff at the lowest
graphics settings because they just want
the highest framerate possible and when
you do that on this laptop if you take
any of the competitive shooter games
like overwatch csgo if you run those
games that even high graphics settings
you're already above that target of 120
frames per second so yeah you could put
a 1070 or try to put a 1080 in here but
a lot of those frames would just be
wasted because you're not even able to
see it and the person who's buying this
doesn't want super-high graphics quality
that's just not what this was for so if
that's what you're in the market for if
you want to play witcher 3 at like
10,000 frames per second this is not
that laptop but if you're looking to be
slightly more competitive in your
first-person shooter games this is a
great pick up it's not cheap but i think
of all the laptops that I've seen for
people that are really hardcore about a
particular shooter this is a really
really good one okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs if you liked
it subs we loved it see you guys next
time